Players:
Nate: Zinfir
Nick: Sue McZee (think, Danny Boi, scottish accent)
Caelen: Stavros
Kevin: Eklius Rhenoth
Cayla: Emgee Ttocs

recap:
in saltmarsh
going to alchemist's house: got attacked by whezles. 
and intel was aquired from the kids following us for the most part of the journey to the house. 
------------
looking for releicks and trinkents for gallen (in conjunction with Eklius), art deco styling. 


Back to it:
Trying to get into the house. Hallway and a door, a room with chairs (torn apart), broken table, fireplace. Two floors of the house. 
open door and nothing happens after putting the quarterstaff through the door way. Zinfir hears something stiring upstairs. 
light a tortch and Eklius checks for creeking of boards (7, quite confident it's fine). 
Short swords look like a cutless (Stavros), and is looking at the first door after entering. 
  (stone sink, cubord 5 ft fixed to wall, and a downward staircase to the basement) 
  new door in kitchen, opened by Eklis. damp room, moldy, damp, large copper cast, shards of crokery, and a staircase going down)
get into the main enterence, stairway up.
In upstairs, there is a man bound and gaged. Eklius goes to unbound this man with a bump on his head. He came in looking for gold (not a theif, a curious man) 
He wanted to stay overnight. Ned shakeshack lived in looking for work in Saltmarsh, is human sticking with me and the tortch. 
7ft hole in the top floor. everyone made the jump. 
oak chest in room, broken chairs, broken bucket, sack is moldy and mildewed, clothes look fairly new considering the other contents. Ned takes the clothes. 
Stavaros goes into the other other room suposedly full of papers.
The sack is jankey laundry. Head injury is sound. partchment in the trunk of the second room. 

to the upstairs (west)
-master bedroom, bed (guest bedroom), rubish, rhodent infestation
-another bedroom. bed has been used by someone else. 

Spiders in the first room, Fight comenses. Burn the spiders.


health: red
wisdom: green
intelligence: blue
