recap:
things happened
usless no damage given or taken from able

People trying to get
4 crew members and boat swing,
boarded up 2 of 3 doors
found health potions.

important:
Thorolus - Lizard folk to name drop
---------------------------

lizard folk and psudo-dragon helping to get the crew to surrender.
stavros and eklius go downstairs
  smells like shit and lived in.
  hammoks and brass chests under each one.
  table in the center. everything is bolted to the floor.

  dice in the chest

Eklius hears something on the otherside of the door.
the bottom of the ship is organized

the crew downstairs is a roudy bunch of scallywags

*** FIRE FIGHT****

"bossman" is the only one fighting us. he died
*fight over*
crew surrenders
stavros questions crew
    siggered is the capt., sanbalet doesn't ring a bell.

the bildge is below, Eklius and Stavors go check on the rooms atthe back of the ship - find a chair, lantern, cage with a parrot says "pieces of 8", chest (200 sp, a dagger, broken crossbow*pieces, short spear), hammok, desk (journal).
other side - dark blue cloak, single bunk - pile of crap on bed, smells less lived in than the others, brass box under bed- pouch 500 sp, table - books on desk(Principles of Navigation by Da Korma Legal Distinctions in Letters of Marque by Tazaar), unlit lantern, brass box at the foot of the bed-clean clothes.
Take the dark blue

Perception roll (dirty 20)-something is off with the room sizes down here compared to the rooms above. I see a crack in the wood- it's a door to another room. open the door. Cramped area but full of oil skin bundles 8-10 piled in. Take on out and give it to zinfir to open. Packet of a bunch of morning stars. open another pack - shield with a bust of a Lizard with a forked tounge. from a lizard folk clan, this shit belongs to the lizard folk people above.

Lizard folk did talk about the gear we found. we go through and find mourning stars, long swords, shields.

some of the crew are concerned when we come out with the shield. the lizard folk would not be happy with people touching their shit.

in the bildge - smelly and dark. not much good stuff with grubs

salmars boat is going to be given to the lizard folk.
Green lizard man - Thorolus, to name drop later.

2 hours time to get to saltmarsh

---------------------------------------
new aspect - downtime and choose what we want to do, adding to character development
and story.
1 thing we want to do on the boat
and 1 thing to do after returnig to saltmarsh
