recap:
since everyone was not there $$ was not paid.

------------
Stavros entering the snapping line, to meet up with a shady fool. Lady is looking for her sons? Stavros wants the lady to know that he is here, asap.

Eklius wants to know whats going on, kind of fucks up and bails out of the snapping line. Gets back from the snapping line before stavros.

Keoland is backing saltmarsh from being taken over from the sea Prince's. Now they have to

We are skeptical of the council. Zinfir thinks that we may be walking in to a trap.

Stavros - sharkskin armor
Eklius is going to get armor, Zinfir went along for the walk. They interrupt dinner for the armor makes, they are going to come back tomorrow. And want to get a piece of the bridge and see if Stavros is faking the bridge shit.

Zinfir stays at the boat and the rest of us go to the council hall. Lolly (the receptionist) is there and tells us that we should wait for the council to conveine and they will send of us.

Eklius and Zinfir go back to the Dwarven Anvil to get armor. Matheria is behind the counter polishing some goods. Both looking to get armor.

Waiting in the snapping line. Silver is eating breakfast. We are going to talk to him, he is taking it easy.
We get some toast.

Lolly comes to get us. we are standing at the council floor, ready to see what happens with payment and everything eles.

Council:
-want to discuss somethings with us
  - Everything is a little tense (the concluded agreements were not unanimous)
  -pay 300 gp
  -not satisfied that the smuggling ring is not entirely taken out, we did put a dent in it. An eye will kept on the waterways
  -fireborn standing on a peg leg, he doesn't look used to living at sea (he looks like a soft land lubber), No number ready for the contraband but would like to look over the goods, then a price will be decided upon.
  - Lizard Folk, the halfling council (Stumbleduck) member mentioned a encampment of lizard folk. She checked up on her informants they didn't see the weapons but did notice some packages (encampment has only been there for a year and 10 miles away). This makes the council wonder the safety of the towns people.
    ----New quest: They want us to see what is going on at the encampment.

    Stumbleduck, council woman knows where the encampment is, can meet with her later on. Eliander will know where to find her.

scally wags go through the boat looking and testing the goods. Fireborn looks satisfied. They aren't took concerned after looking through the boat. 500 gp for the goods on the boat.

Stumbleduck comes to the ship. She has a map of where the lizardfolk are. Contact Stumbleduck through Lolly.
    the encampment is near donewater river.

Getting to the encampment:
  land - there would be scouts
  sea - more autonomy
