breath is creating vapor (cool vapor from weather), sheild has a logo _ _ god ?

staveros - dirty blond hair,

Eklius- prominent figure in town
Stavaros-
Sue- me
Zinfir-

female human- middle aged, study, opens the door and is confused. Looking for 3 people for summons. We don't leave.

__eda oweland
doesn't question my presents at the summons. Man with a goatee, (Anders Solmor)
10 members in total. One female dwarf, serious. 2 wood elves. 1 male halfling, human variants.
fairest way to take on the situation. (haunted house?-- I know what she is talking about the alchemist's home) voices and sounds are scaring people from visiting saltmarsh, gohsts and whatnot. The council wants to cleans the house.
  they want info. Want to know who the ghost is and how they got there. They want this info before they cleanse the house. We will be compensated. Price for the dirty work. 10 gold pieces
  alchemist used to live there 20 yers ago, 3 years ago the ghost came to be, and is either a squater who died on the property or the alchemist himself.

Are we familiar with the town. We know the teefling and sue around. Stavaros is a new face around town.
Old family in town.
dwarf looks at me and nods with an air of authority.

items aquired: potion of healing. 6pm escort out of the city. 7 hours to kill.
3 taverns in town : empty net (dive bar),

go to empty net: ale is cheap, all sorts here.
sea princes are not well liked here.
caelen- looking for revenge

saltmarsh - is politically unstable currently
lizard folk colony - half a day from saltmarsh, not common in saltmarsh for living in the city.

back to counil hall, 2 waiting for us to show us the way to the haunted house.
  Gellan Primewater - young
  Sulmar - old and wealthy, well liked

people are following us out of town, knowing what we are doing.
gallen primewater is talking to sue and eekulus, didn't summon us. We know who he is. Well tarveled alchemist and he wants us to find relecs and trinkits and bring them back. is willing to give us $$ in exchange.
  has some images of what hes looking for.


Diseases - budwiser virus and violet fever.

all we have to do is follow the road.
kid says that alchemist was killed for gold.
as we travel the group of kids following dwindles down and we can see the house after traveling for 45 mins.

old house, and estate that is surrounded by a stone wall.
